💬 Add section for team management topics (#2483)
buildkite/docs: pages/team_management.md

---
toc: false
---

> # Team management overview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Team management
```

> Team management is fundamental in CI/CD tools to ensure streamlined processes, proper access controls, and efficient collaboration. Buildkite provides features for your team management needs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Managing users and teams in CI/CD is fundamental to collaboration, streamlined processes, and ensuring adequate access controls. Buildkite provides features to manage team access:
```
